hey there my retro dolls so you know
what time of the year it is right it is
award season now honestly I don't
usually watch the awards all that often
I don't really pay too much attention to
it but this year Cody and I actually
watched the awards and I was paying a
lot of tension to the fashion of these
ladies these this season if I could get
the words out there's paying a lot of
attention to all the fashion trends this
season when it comes to the female their
hair their makeup their outfits and what
the trend seems to be these days is very
like fall inspired looks and colors it's
very like cranberries and some were like
this this purple beautiful stuff and a
lot of sparkles and neutrals and all
this stuff but then like there were the
occasional randoms like I'm pretty sure
with Sandra Bullock that was wearing
like this black and like hot pink dress
and I was like girl why why would you do
that to yourself you have a beautiful
figure and you put pepto-bismol on it I
was inspired to do this makeup look for
you guys I wanted to show you a little
preview and I did that on Instagram
secretly I didn't tell anybody that it
was for a tutorial but you guys asked
for me to do a tutorial so it kind of
worked out so obviously the way that I
have this makeup hair it is more of a
casual look but trust me if you slap on
some false eyelashes and curl your hair
whoops I'm dropping things you can take
this to the red carpet no problem girl
so without me keeping rambling all that
stuff let's just get on to the tutorial
you
alright guys I hope that was helpful
maybe it inspired you you guys have any
looks that you were inspired to do based
off the red carpet and the ward season
then go ahead and let me know down below
send me a link I'd love to check them
out if you guys have any questions
comments or video requests just go ahead
and put them down below and I will get
to them as soon as I can I hope you guys
have an awesome day and I'll see you
guys next time bye